# Lil BOWtique
Welcome to Lil BOWtique online shop. The shop offers a wide selection of beautiful hair bows, ribbons and other hair accessories in various colours or themes/categories that suit any age, and what makes it special is that everything is all handcrafted.
## Introduction

This website is the final project requirement for my Code Institute Full Stack Developer program. In this project I have to build a Full-Stack E-commerce application based on business logic used to control a centrally-owned dataset where business transactions such as purchase of products, digital products or services and payment for those purchases are facilitated. Whereas, on the technical side, this cloud-hosted project that is built using a Django framework aims to showcase knowledge and skills acquired on the following, HTML,CSS, Javascript, Python+Django, design and management of Relational database. Stripe payments must also be present to facilitate the business transaction. Development planning such as creation of user stories, identification of user experience and use of Agile tools was also utilised. Lastly, this project incorporates Authentication and role-based authorisation functionality, authorisation features. 

The live link(deployed) can be found here - [)

## Target audience 

This user-friendly website is created primarily for those who are looking for non-ordinary hair bows/accessories for a certain theme/colour for their children or even for themselves. I, as a mother of a little girl, have first hand experience searching for extraordinary and unique bows for my little girl at some point in our lives, sometimes where an event or occasion calls for it. There are times, I find myself looking for bows/hair accessories with a specific theme or colour for a specific occasion or event. But with a very hectic schedule, I won't have time to browse each store in the malls or retail parks to buy one. Being in the digital era now, shopping conveniently at the tip of your fingers with ease and having it delivered to your door is really a life-saver. Almost everything can be bought online and so are these bows. This website also saves a lot of one's time through the ease of searching for a certain criteria like colour, theme and in one-click you'll see what you're looking for or at least you will know if you found what you are looking for. 
